"A loud , brash and mainly unfunny high school comedy ."
seems to have ransacked every old World War II movie for overly familiar material .
", having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , Blade II mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary ."
"a sad , soggy potboiler that wastes the talents of its attractive young leads"
"just does n't have the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy ."
"'s simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply ,"
is n't that Stealing Harvard is a horrible movie -- if only it were that grand a failure !
dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped
"All comedy is subversive , but this unrelenting bleak insistence on opting out of any opportunity for finding meaning in relationships or work just becomes sad"
in this pretentious mess
"A sour attempt at making a Farrelly Brothers-style , down-and-dirty laugher for the female"
"The following things are not at all entertaining : The bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all , watching Seinfeld -LRB- who is also one of the film 's producers -RRB- do everything he can to look like a good guy"
"more to be prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing Muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms ."
", the movie is rather choppy ."
could n't find stardom if MapQuest emailed him point-to-point driving directions
"Imagine -LRB- if possible -RRB- a Pasolini film without passion or politics , or an Almodovar movie without beauty or humor , and you have some idea of the glum , numb experience of watching O Fantasma ."
Would Benigni 's Italian Pinocchio have been any easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster
goes off the rails in its final 10 or 15 minutes
are rolling over in their graves
plodding picture
"A movie more to be prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing Muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms ."
the way it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from Ms. Spears
"This movie , a certain scene in particular , brought me uncomfortably close to losing my lunch ."
"does n't offer audiences any way of gripping what its point is , or even its attitude toward its subject ."
"spirals downward , and thuds to the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion ."
"the characters inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids , children behave like adults and everyone"
're never quite sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins
even though I could not stand them
The film is way too full of itself ;
"boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness"
A sentimental mess that never rings true
ultimately you 'll leave the theater wondering why these people mattered
Crush could be the worst film a man has made about women since Valley of the Dolls .
This flat run at a hip-hop Tootsie is so poorly paced you could fit all of Pootie Tang in between its punchlines .
", it feels painfully redundant and inauthentic ."
this otherwise appealing picture loses its soul to Screenwriting For Dummies conformity .
"her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance"
"`` Bad '' is the operative word for `` Bad Company ,"
wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago
Degenerates into hogwash .
Another useless recycling of a brutal mid - '70s American sports movie
Downright transparent is the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a `` cooler '' PG-13 rating .
significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old
is shockingly bad and absolutely unnecessary
should be punishable by chainsaw
"'s as sorry a mess as its director 's diabolical debut , Mad Cows ."
"is surely one of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured Christmas season pics ever delivered by a Hollywood studio ."
"pointless , tasteless and idiotic"
It 's hard to say who might enjoy this
"there 's apparently nothing left to work with , sort of like Michael Jackson 's nose ."
hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is
get paid enough to sit through crap like this
humorless soap opera
of very bad Scouse accents
suffers because it does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length
Idiotic and ugly
"Stupid , infantile , redundant , sloppy ,"
you 'll be as bored watching Morvern Callar as the characters are in it
of Critical Jim two-dimensional and pointless
the movie itself does n't stand a ghost of a chance
has the same sledgehammer appeal as Pokemon videos
's a whole heap of nothing at the core of this slight coming-of-age\/coming-out tale .
"all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head"
sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh once
"A tired , predictable , bordering on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid ."
"Memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and , by extension , its surprises limp and its resolutions ritual"
is 75 wasted minutes of Sandler as the voice-over hero in Columbia Pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie .
"Takes one character we do n't like and another we do n't believe , and puts them into a battle of wills that is impossible to care about and is n't very funny"
Perhaps the grossest movie
that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days
It is n't that Stealing Harvard is a horrible movie -- if only it were that grand a failure !
a disappointment is the superficial way it deals with its story .
"Not all of the stories work and the ones that do are thin and scattered , but"
"Wendigo wants to be a monster movie for the art-house crowd , but it falls into the trap of pretention almost every time ."
this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material
manages to do virtually everything wrong
it 's something else altogether -- clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life
stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions
"terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase"
Its generic villains lack any intrigue -LRB- other than their funny accents -RRB- and
"tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas"
be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace
More dutiful than enchanting ... terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating
begin to long for the end credits as the desert does for rain
Julia Roberts hands out awards -- with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism
is so bleak that it 's hardly watchable
This remake of Lina Wertmuller 's 1975 eroti-comedy might just be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since John and Bo Derek made the ridiculous Bolero
remember the last time I saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in Extreme Ops
"Fails as a dystopian movie , as a retooling of Fahrenheit 451 , and even as a rip-off of The Matrix ."
", bad , bad movie"
"Beneath the uncanny , inevitable and seemingly shrewd facade of movie-biz farce ... lies a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments ."
like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing
is painfully formulaic and stilted
can be forgiven for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for Frida to just die already
It 's all surface psychodramatics .
"walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible , ''"
... a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety
"no charm , no laughs , no fun"
made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept
"Limps along on a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly"
"has about 3\/4th the fun of its spry 2001 predecessor -- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity"
full of holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them
", it should pay reparations to viewers ."
how bad his movie is
We never feel anything for these characters
"Even a hardened voyeur would require the patience of Job to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture ."
have a case of masochism and an hour and a half to blow
runs out of steam after a half hour .
by half-baked setups and sluggish pacing
an unfunny movie
is hugely overwritten
Consider the film a celluloid litmus test for the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your date and a giant step backward for a director I admire
's still terrible !
of narrative banality
the worst films of the summer
a complete waste
introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix
strenuously unfunny Showtime deserves the hook .
does n't add up to a whole lot
's in the action scenes that things fall apart
"flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas"
smug self-satisfaction
bogged down in earnest dramaturgy
"'s a lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as Phoenix 's ."
"that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything"
"For most movies , 84 minutes is short , but this one feels like a life sentence"
"low-brow humor , gratuitous violence and a disturbing disregard"
You begin to long for the end credits as the desert does for rain .
that it 's inauthentic at its core and that its story just is n't worth telling
why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie
"is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid"
"the answer is clear : Not easily and , in the end , not well enough ."
Nothing more than an amiable but unfocused bagatelle that plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises .
a recycled and dumbed-down version of Love Story
"the long , dishonorable history"
hindered by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about
a huge disappointment coming
pity anyone who sees this mishmash .
"ca n't begin to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents ..."
"feel more like a non-stop cry for attention , than an attempt at any kind of satisfying entertainment"
"is almost entirely witless and inane , carrying every gag two or three times beyond its limit to sustain a laugh ."
Unless there are zoning ordinances to protect your community from the dullest science fiction
are less than adorable
been recycled more times than I 'd care to count
sabotaged by pomposity
"This is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` Ah , yes , here we have a bad , bad , bad movie"
And it 's not that funny -- which is just generally insulting .
so poorly paced you could fit all of Pootie Tang in between its punchlines
"resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is"
", they wo n't enjoy the movie at all ."
90 punitive minutes
interested in jerking off in all its Byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience
", poorly written , murky and weakly acted , the picture feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo ."
the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad Blair Witch Project
keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good
pass this stinker off
"contrived , nonsensical and formulaic"
"Lazy , miserable and smug ."
it would be easy for critics to shred it
which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal
appears to have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept
of the same old garbage
wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy
of ` let 's get this thing over with
", Derrida is all but useless"
Pretend like your SAT scores are below 120 and
's Pauly Shore awful
A beyond-lame satire
spend $ 9 on the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby
really bad imitation
greatest mistake
"Like a bad improvisation exercise , the superficially written characters ramble on tediously about their lives , loves and the art they 're struggling to create ."
rotten in almost every single facet of production that you 'll want to crawl up your own \*\*\* in embarrassment .
is ultimately scuttled by a plot that 's just too boring and obvious
wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie
Trying to make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie Snipes is enough to give you brain strain -- and the pay-off is negligible
sure which will take longer to heal : the welt on Johnny Knoxville 's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche
"is a disaster of a story , full of holes and completely lacking in chills ."
Starts as an intense political and psychological thriller but is sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other Hollywood-action cliches .
"atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie"
put together by some cynical creeps at Revolution Studios and Imagine Entertainment to make the suckers out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life
Feels more like a rejected X-Files episode than a credible account of a puzzling real-life happening .
"except maybe for the last 15 minutes , which are as maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine"
fails to overcome the film 's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes .
is never quite able to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot . '
"Collateral Damage is trash ,"
to convince the audience that these brats will ever be anything more than losers
"do n't need to know your Ice-T 's from your Cool-J 's to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of California"
is ironically muted by the very people who are intended to make it shine
"as stiff , ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus"
deserves a better vehicle than this facetious smirk of a movie
entirely stale concept
A work that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse .
one baaaaaaaaad movie
About as original as a gangster sweating
As plain and pedestrian as catsup --
After that it becomes long and tedious like a classroom play in a college history course .
A mean-spirited film made by someone who surely read The Catcher in the Rye but clearly suffers from dyslexia
so horrendously confusing
"amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness"
committed dumbness
"a phlegmatic bore ,"
"It 's possible that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel , but the result is more puzzling than unsettling ."
In addition to sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history
"unlikely to inspire anything more than a visit to McDonald 's , let alone some savvy street activism"
too boring and obvious
"is busy contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions to their problems"
I have to put up with 146 minutes of it
A poky and pseudo-serious exercise in sham actor workshops and an affected malaise .
I could feel my eyelids ... getting ... very ... heavy ...
"a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one"
"Never having seen the first two films in the series , I ca n't compare Friday After Next to them , but nothing would change the fact that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days ."
utterly incompetent
"Most of the problems with the film do n't derive from the screenplay , but rather the mediocre performances by most of the actors involved"
"has n't developed characters so much as caricatures , one-dimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else"
", I would go back and choose to skip it ."
The young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative ; the message is too blatant ; the resolutions are too convenient
"over-the-top , and amateurish"
loses its soul to Screenwriting For Dummies conformity
"It 's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since I last walked out on a movie , but"
the point of ridiculousness
"the new film is a subzero version of Monsters , Inc. , without the latter 's imagination , visual charm or texture ."
's lazy for a movie to avoid solving one problem by trying to distract us with the solution to another
close to losing my lunch
"the same tired old gags , modernized for the extreme sports generation ."
"is messy , murky , unsatisfying"
Pair that with really poor comedic writing ... and you 've got a huge mess .
The most excruciating 86 minutes one
It does n't make for great cinema
to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads
Lacks the inspiration of the original and has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child 's interest and an adult 's patience .
"Nair just does n't have the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy ."
there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life
", ` Blade II ' just does n't cut it"
paid enough to sit through crap like this
will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of The Rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ?
from the dullest science fiction
hard to believe that something so short could be so flabby
"But this new jangle of noise , mayhem and stupidity must be a serious contender for the title ."
a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory
"The biggest problem with Roger Avary 's uproar against the MPAA is that , even in all its director 's cut glory , he 's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything ."
The thing just never gets off the ground .
"The dialogue is cumbersome , the simpering soundtrack and editing more so"
This is one of the biggest disappointments of the year .
A cheap scam put together by some cynical creeps at Revolution Studios and Imagine Entertainment to make the suckers out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life .
electrocute and dismember their victims in full consciousness
"A boring , pretentious muddle that uses a sensational , real-life 19th-Century crime as a metaphor for -- well , I 'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop"
cheats on itself and retreats to comfortable territory .
", low-key , 102-minute infomercial"
"be prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing Muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms"
is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days
"look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction"
"proves tiresome , with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations"
the last time I saw a movie where I wanted so badly for the protagonist to fail
tries to touch on spousal abuse but veers off course
ludicrous and contrived plot
"took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long ."
"... feels as if -LRB- there 's -RRB- a choke leash around your neck so director Nick Cassavetes can give it a good , hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something ."
acting that could be any flatter
few things more frustrating
"is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie"
"to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy"
"assume he had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low"
distasteful and downright creepy
have worn threadbare .
"is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea -LRB- or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really -RRB- in sight"
cinematic disaster
how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too
seem to be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other
"the movie is busy contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions to their problems ."
'll want to crawl up your own \*\*\* in embarrassment
Skip this turd and pick your nose instead because you 're sure to get more out of the latter experience
severe body odor
to the cadence of a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry
is like being trapped at a bad rock concert
"The only way to tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film might be with a large dose of painkillers ."
is that Van Wilder does little that is actually funny with the material
It 's loud and boring ; watching it is like being trapped at a bad rock concert
"is a subzero version of Monsters , Inc. , without the latter 's imagination"
an insultingly unbelievable final act
to sit through than most of Jaglom 's self-conscious and gratingly irritating films
artsy and often pointless
the film a celluloid litmus test for the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your date and a giant step backward for a director I admire
"No one involved , save Dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting , and the script , credited to director Abdul Malik Abbott and Ernest ` Tron ' Anderson , seems entirely improvised ."
Thumbs Friggin ' Down
Bad '' is the operative word for `` Bad Company
Bean drops the ball too many times ...
"An erotic thriller that 's neither too erotic nor very thrilling , either ."
I saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in Extreme Ops
"'s difficult to imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002"
"she needs to shake up the mix , and work in something that does n't feel like a half-baked stand-up routine"
This 90-minute dud
"This wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy is inane and awful - no doubt , it 's the worst movie I 've seen this summer"
is the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes
will be from unintentional giggles -- several of them .
rejected as boring before I see this piece of crap again
"A long , dull procession of despair"
's not nearly enough that 's right
way to make J.K. Rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore
living far too much in its own head
"... pitiful , slapdash disaster ."
see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar '' before landing squarely on `` stupid ''
you wish had been developed with more care
the really bad Blair Witch Project
with this silly little puddle of a movie
"bad mannered , ugly and destructive little \*\*\*\*"
"An amateurish , quasi-improvised acting exercise"
"If this is cinema , I pledge allegiance to Cagney and Lacey ."
"you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again"
"sloppy , made-for-movie"
ca n't rescue Adrian Lyne 's Unfaithful from its sleazy moralizing .
"But if the essence of magic is its make-believe promise of life that soars above the material realm , this is the opposite of a truly magical movie ."
"It all unfolds predictably , and the adventures that happen along the way seem repetitive and designed to fill time , providing no real sense of suspense ."
offers the none-too-original premise that everyone involved with moviemaking is a con artist and a liar
because they 're clueless and inept
"Thoughtless , random , superficial humour and a lot of very bad Scouse accents"
very depressing movie
"an appalling ` Ace Ventura ' rip-off that somehow manages to bring together Kevin Pollak , former wrestler Chyna and Dolly Parton ."
"explosions , sadism and seeing people"
that has no point and goes nowhere
a failure of storytelling
Celebrity cameos do not automatically equal laughs .
dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick
"a glorified sitcom , and a long , unfunny one at that"
"The acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious ,"
go down with a ship as leaky
a terrible adaptation of a play that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome
poorly paced you could fit all of Pootie Tang in between its punchlines
find it uninteresting
"tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents"
There 's not a comedic moment in this romantic comedy .
he needs to pull his head out of his butt
needlessly poor quality
One of the most unpleasant things the studio has ever produced .
"know why Steven Seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good"
to losing my lunch
potentially trite and overused
"mind-numbingly , indescribably bad"
An incredibly irritating comedy about thoroughly vacuous people ... manages to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy .
that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it
It reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans and it gets so preachy-keen and so tub-thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump just for sitting through it
comes across as stick figures reading lines from a TelePrompTer .
Scarcely worth a mention apart from reporting on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theatres
Only two-fifths of a satisfying movie experience
its story just is n't worth telling
"-- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity"
A bad movie that
me say the obvious : Abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here
that Stealing Harvard is a horrible movie -- if only it were that grand a failure
it 's wasted yours
"Violent , vulgar and forgettably"
forgets to make it entertaining
"With jump cuts , fast editing and lots of pyrotechnics , Yu clearly hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is ."
"when Green threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny , but because I had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration"
"dialogue , 30 seconds of plot"
the most pitiful directing
"depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable"
"mainstream audiences will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted ."
"Worthless , from its pseudo-rock-video opening to the idiocy of its last frames ."
An unbelievably stupid film
bites off more than it can chew by linking the massacre
"crass , contrived sequels"
as if a bored Cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` Got AIDS yet
is so prolonged and boring it is n't even close to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be
a flop with the exception of about six gags that really work
"The secrets of time travel will have been discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before I see this piece of crap again ."
"Guy gets girl , guy loses girl , audience falls asleep ."
Uneven performances and a spotty script
matched only by the ridiculousness of its premise
What might have been acceptable on the printed page of Iles ' book does not translate well to the screen .
A superfluous sequel
it 's a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime
far less endearing disabilities
could be a single iota worse ... a soulless hunk of exploitative garbage
: it 's not scary in the slightest .
left an acrid test in this gourmet 's mouth
disgusted with the lazy material and the finished product 's unshapely look
directed the film from the back of a taxicab
ugly and destructive
in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness
might I suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener
induces headaches
ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel .
stiff or just plain bad
instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull
much worse than bland
other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low
both shallow and dim-witted
brought me uncomfortably close to losing my lunch
there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low
-LRB- but -RRB- there is n't much about K-19 that 's unique or memorable .
Was that movie nothing more than a tepid exercise in
", Windtalkers airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length ."
has less spice than a rat burger
", Spy Kids 2 looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man ."
"some unpaid intern had just typed ` Chris Rock , ' ` Anthony Hopkins ' and ` terrorists ' into some Univac-like script machine"
A very depressing movie of many missed opportunities .
"it 'll probably be in video stores by Christmas ,"
the incessant use
"is one big , dumb action movie"